Describe Date Range Parameters (#31)
serge-andreyev/dotnet-eud: interface-elements-for-desktop/articles/report-designer/report-designer-for-winforms/shape-report-data/use-report-parameters/date-range-parameters.md

---
title: 'Date Range Parameters'
author: Sergey Andreev
---
# Date Range Parameters

This document describes how to create a date range parameter and filter report data by the specified dates.

![](../../../../../images/eurd-win-use-date-ranges-parameters-panel.png)

Perform the steps below to add a date range parameter to a report.

1. Switch to the [Field List](../../report-designer-tools/ui-panels/field-list.md) and right-click **Parameters**. Select **Add Parameter** from the context menu.

    ![](../../../../../images/eurd-win-use-date-ranges-design-add-param.png)

1. Specify the options below in the invoked **Add New Parameter** dialog and click **OK**.

    - **Name** - the parameter's name;
    - **Description** - the parameter's description displayed in Print Preview's **Parameters** panel;
    - **Type** - the parameter's data type. Set it to **Date** to create a date range;
    - **Range Value** - enable this option to create a date range.

    ![](../../../../../images/eurd-win-use-date-ranges-design-add-param-dialog.png)

> 1. The _dateRange_ parameter appears in the **Field List** and includes the inner _dateRange_Start_ and _dateRange_End_ parameters. Select the _dateRange_ parameter and switch to the **Property Grid** to specify the inner parameters' default values.

Reviewer: What are "the inner parameters"?

Author: Removed the word 'inner'

    ![](../../../../../images/eurd-win-use-date-ranges-design-configure-subparam.png)

>     The **Value** property allows you to specify a static default value. Provide an expression for the **Value** property to specify a dynamic default value. Click the **Value** property's marker, select **Value Expression** and specify an expression in the invoked editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **Value** property allows you to specify a static value. To do this. provide an expression for the **Value** property which specifies a dynamic value. Click the **Value** property's marker, select **Value Expression**, and specify an expression in the invoked editor.
```

Author: Changed to:
    The **Value** property allows you to specify a static value. To specify a dynamic value, click the **Value** property's marker, select **Value Expression** and specify an expression in the invoked editor.

    ![](../../../../../images/eurd-win-use-date-ranges-design-value-expression.png)

> 1. Use the start and end parameter names in the report's filter string to [filter data](../filter-data/filter-data-at-the-report-level.md) by the created date range. Select the report, click the **Filter String** property's ellipsis button in the **Property Grid** and construct a filter string in the invoked **FilterString Editor**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the start and end parameter names in the report's filter string to [filter data](../filter-data/filter-data-at-the-report-level.md) by the specified date range. Select the report, click the **Filter String** property's ellipsis button in the **Property Grid**, and construct a filter string in the invoked **FilterString Editor**.
```
